Update downloads with command to run in Linux (#611)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/installation/downloads-testnet.rst

   - SHA256 checksum of the download: |client-linux-checksum|

   |

>    When you run Concordium Client on Linux, run the following command to make the file you download executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Before you can use the downloaded Concordium Client on Linux you have to make the downloaded file executable. Run the following command to make the file you download executable:
```

      .. code-block:: console

>          chmod +x concordium-client

Reviewer: The file that they download will be called (at the moment) `concordium-client_4.1.0` so technically they should run
```
chmod +x concordium-client_4.1.0
```

But it is not a good idea to write the exact version number since it'll be hard to maintain. We could write instead
```
chmod +x concordium-client*
```
